## 个人简介

###### thank you for your interview      感谢 介绍自己 工作 工作经验 内容 爱好 团队 期望

###### I am zhouzheng.

######  I work  for  pingan bank creadit card center. 

######  I have  worked as an android developer for more than 5 years. 

###### to be specific , i   develop android apps and do trouble shooting;

###### i love outdoor sports in my spare time, 

######  I must say i have always enjoyed myself in my work,beacause i like my team , they are easygoing ,friendly,and fun.

###### however, i feel my job lacks challenge,but full of restraint.

###### now i wish to work with great people,do more incredidle things;



### What is your greatest strength?

 i got a high sense of responsibility // 高度责任心

and i have a strong determination to do my work better

i love team work,i am glad to work well with others



### what's motivate you

i have always motivated by excellent peeple. i hope one day i can be an top programmer.



### **What are your weaknesses?**

it a good question ,during my work,i have mentioned it,  i am too strict with my workmate. i don't want to get any delay of project. sometimes i feel it is not so important,but i am eager to finish any task of me.



### **Where do you see yourself in five years from now?**

i love coding, i want to be a full stack developer .i plan to study machine learning,backend developing.i belive when i got all of  these knowdge , i can be a tech director.to  solve harder question,growing with a great company.

i spend about 10 hour every week to learn ,i belive that day will  come true



### **What do you know about our company?**

Booking.com is very great company that makes people travel more convient. a great company is assembled by great people. it's an great honor to be work with those people.but it still has many challenges in china. i hope i can join booking, growing with booking in china.



### **How well do you handle changes?**

i am always to prepare for changes,life is not certain,so make my self be greater ,be happy

as front end devloper ,i spent alot of time to learn new knowege,but in my oppion the most important thing   is get the basic priciple. if the changes can bring us more benifit ,it's worth to try.



### **How do you make important decisions?**

when i am in front of a decision, i will think twice,before i make the final decision.i  need to organise my informations ,also i need advice of my workmates,my director. first i will make serval different decision.

next i sort the  solutions, and choose the final one;

